So now, let's talk about another feature
which is called Geoproximity Routing.
And it can be a little bit confusing
but I will try to explain with diagrams
in the very next slide to make it clear.
So this allows you to route traffic to your resources based
on the geographic location of your users and resources.
So the idea is that with this policy,
you're able using a number called the bias
to shift more traffic to resources
based on specific locations.
And it will show you this in a diagram
in the very next slide.
So the idea is that to change the size
of a geographic location, you need to specify a bias value.
If you want more traffic to go to a specific resource,
you expand the bias value by increasing it.
And if you want less traffic to go to your resource,
you shrink it, you decrease the bias values
to a negative number.
So the resources can be resources from AWS,
in which case you specify the region they're in
and automatically a list will compute the correct routing.
Or if there are none, AWS resources exercise
such as your on premises data center.
Then, you will just need to specify the latitude
and longitude, so the AWS knows where they are right now.
And then it chooses feature,
you need to use the advanced Route 53 Traffic
flow to be able to leverage the bias.
So the diagram should make everything more simple.
And to me, this is what you should remember.
So let's take an example of a resource in us-west-1,
and one resource in us-east-1.
And the bias is set to zero in both regions.
So that means that if you have users all around the US
trying to access these resources,
there's going to be a line dividing the US is too into two,
and users left of that line will go to us-west-1,
and user rights of that line will go to us-east-1.
Now, this is simple, this is when there is no bias, okay?
And this looks like going to the closest resource region
based on the user location.
But thanks to the bias, we can have the same setup
but a different way to have the users routed
to different regions.
So let's take an example.
We have us-west-1 and us-east-1,
and the bias is set to zero in us-west-1,
but we're going to have a positive bias of 50 in us-east-1.
And we've seen that the bias make more users
and more traffic to that resource.
Why?
Well, because of the bias now the quote in quote,
dividing line between the first.
The two resources is going to be a little bit more
to the left because of the higher bias of us-east-1.
And so that means is that's the user left
of that line can go to us-west-1,
but the users right or that one will go to us-east-1.
So what we do this?
Well, for example, you would set your resources
all around the world and say you needed to shift
more traffic to a specific region.
What you would do is that you will use
a Geoproximity Routing Policy to increase the bias
in that specific region.
And therefore, have more users dragged
and more users have traffic attracted to that region.
So what you to remember going into an exam is
that the Geoproximity Routing is really helpful
when you need to shift traffic
from one region to another, by increasing the bias.
Okay?
So hopefully the diagrams helped you make more sense
of the Geoproximity Routing Policy.
I hope you liked this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture.